[doc]update the compilation.md (#7350)
apache/doris: docs/en/installing/compilation.md

1. Download Docker Mirror

>     `$ docker pull apache/incubator-doris:build-env-1.4.2`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    `$ docker pull apache/incubator-doris:build-env-for-0.15.0`
```

>     apache/incubator-doris   build-env-1.4.2    49f68cecbc1a        4 days ago          3.76GB

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    apache/incubator-doris   build-env-for-0.15.0    49f68cecbc1a        4 days ago          3.76GB
```

    ```

> Note: For different versions of Doris, you need to download the corresponding mirror version. From Apache Doris 0.15.0 version, the docker image will keep same version number with Doris, You can use  ` apache/incubator-doris:build-env-1.4.2 `  or ` apache/incubator-doris:build-env-for-0.15.0 `   compile Apache Doris 0.15.0, they are identical.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: For different versions of Doris, you need to download the corresponding image version. From Apache Doris 0.15.x version, the docker image will keep same version number with Doris, You can use  ` apache/incubator-doris:build-env-for-0.15.0 `  compile Apache Doris 0.15.0.
```

| image version | commit id | release version |
|---|---|---|
| apache/incubator-doris:build-env | before [ff0dd0d](https://github.com/apache/incubator-doris/commit/ff0dd0d2daa588f18b6db56f947e813a56d8ec81) | 0.8.x, 0.9.x |
| apache/incubator-doris:build-env-1.1 | [ff0dd0d](https://github.com/apache/incubator-doris/commit/ff0dd0d2daa588f18b6db56f947e813a56d8ec81) or later | 0.10.x or later |
| apache/incubator-doris:build-env-1.2 | [4ef5a8c](https://github.com/apache/incubator-doris/commit/4ef5a8c8560351d7fff7ff8fd51c4c7a75e006a8) or later | 0.12.x - 0.14.0 |
| apache/incubator-doris:build-env-1.3.1 | [ad67dd3](https://github.com/apache/incubator-doris/commit/ad67dd34a04c1ca960cff38e5b335b30fc7d559f) or later | 0.14.x |

> | apache/incubator-doris:build-env-1.4.2      | [a81f4da](https://github.com/apache/incubator-doris/commit/a81f4da4e461a54782a96433b746d07be89e6b54) or later | 0.15.0          |

Reviewer: Remove this line.

> | apache/incubator-doris:build-env-for-0.15.0 | [a81f4da](https://github.com/apache/incubator-doris/commit/a81f4da4e461a54782a96433b746d07be89e6b54) or later | 0.15.0          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| apache/incubator-doris:build-env-for-0.15.0 | [a81f4da](https://github.com/apache/incubator-doris/commit/a81f4da4e461a54782a96433b746d07be89e6b54) or later | 0.15.x          |
```
